README.md, before:

# Official novel for Under Realm Game

## Story telling style:

This novel heavily inspired by John Ronald Reuel Tolkien, his book LOTR and story telling style.

## For AI:
- See important context under `./context` folder, which include world building like factions, history, signature creatures, etc
- Under part folders e.g `./part-one`, `./part-two` see `brief.md` for brief/summary of that part and put detailed chapter information under e.g `./part-one/chapter-001.md`
- `chapter-[number].md` is the main content of the chapter, you'll help write/adjust/edit detailed novel content from those files
- Check `./diagrams` for relationship between characters, factions or families
- Character's detail under `./characters` folder
- Primary language is English: you may found Vietnamese content as I'm more familiar with Vietnames - I'll use it for effective brainstorming, but you'll translate/write/edit novel in English.

## Diagrams
![Factions](./diagrams/factions.svg)

## Table of Contents

### Part One: Raise of Magic

- [Chapter 1: Shadows of Forgotten Magic](./part-one/chapter-0001.md)
- [Chapter 2: Apprentice and the Knight](./part-one/chapter-0002.md)

Commit message:

define primary Act(s) of Under Realm

README.md, after:

# Official novel for Under Realm Game

## Story telling style:

This novel heavily inspired by John Ronald Reuel Tolkien, his book LOTR and story telling style.

## For AI:
- See important context under `./context` folder, which include world building like factions, history, signature creatures, etc
- For this novel, `Under Realm` see `./context/under-realm.md` for grand story line which separates into Acts
- Under part folders e.g `./act-one`, `./act-two` see `brief.md` for brief/summary of that part and put detailed chapter information under e.g `./act-one/chapter-001.md`
- `chapter-[number].md` is the main content of the chapter, you'll help write/adjust/edit detailed novel content from those files
- Check `./diagrams` for relationship between characters, factions or families
- Character's detail under `./characters` folder
- Primary language is English: you may found Vietnamese content as I'm more familiar with Vietnames - I'll use it for effective brainstorming, but you'll translate/write/edit novel in English.

## Diagrams
![Factions](./diagrams/factions.svg)

## Table of Contents

### Part One: Raise of Magic

- [Chapter 1: Shadows of Forgotten Magic](./act-one/chapter-0001.md)
- [Chapter 2: Apprentice and the Knight](./act-one/chapter-0002.md)
